This is a product restriction (#9213)
MicrosoftDocs/azure-devops-docs: docs/pipelines/process/environments.md

  > [!div class="mx-imgBorder"]
  > ![Environments in run details](media/environments-run.png)
  

> Note: If you are using an AKS Private Cluster the Worloads tab is not aviliable

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you are using an AKS Private Cluster, the **Workloads** tab is not available
```
